Fan'er, what do you mean?
I have given the opportunity, can you take it?
See you bet?
What bet?
My good brother
I didn't expect that you are really not good at your young age
So hard
Okay, I'll give you a heads up.
Someone just said
If 3 minutes
I can inflate the land of Dongshan a hundredfold
He transferred all the shares of the group to me
And voluntarily withdrew from the family's parliamentary jungle
Nothing
Did I remember wrong?
Fan Shao, how could you hear it wrong?
Mr. Shen did say this just now
and
All the family members here are witnesses
live streaming host
Well, did you hear that?
i
I was just thinking about the group
I didn't care.
Then I didn't hear it.
No, I don't.
The voice that everyone here heard
You didn't hear it.
Then you
How graceful!
Then your way
Feel free to ask me
Just don't want it